OpenClaw plus Oama plus Nvidia Neatron 3
Super completely free running with
OpenClaw and this has just changed
what's possible for solarreneurs using
AI agents. Here's what you're going to
see today. So you're going to learn what
OpenClaw actually is and why it's
different from every other AI tool
you've ever used before. Uh what Nvidia
Neatron 3 Super is and why it's a big
deal. How to connect Open Claw to Alama
in under 10 minutes. a live 30-day
framework to build your own AI agent
stack step by step using Neatron 3 Super
and Open Claw and the exact prompts you
can copy and use right now. Um, and
exactly how to use it. So, if you've
been watching AI tools explode and
wondering when one was actually going to
feel like your assistant, then this is
it. Let's get straight into it. So,
we're going to get this set up. As you
can see right here, we're running this
via Olama, right? So, this is a brand
new model from Nvidia called Neatron 3
Super. Now you can run this for free
inside claw codeex open code and what
we're doing today is running it with
open claw. Now there's a couple of
different options. You can run this as a
local model depending on your setup. It
is 87 GB which is absolutely massive if
you ask me and it takes a long time to
set up and install. If you want a faster
way to run this in just one command, you
can just run the cloud model instead.
And I'll be showing you exactly how to
set this up directly. Okay. Well,
if you weren't aware already, OpenClaw
is a powerful AI assistant and OAMA is a
way of running models either in the
cloud or locally, right? And the cool
thing is once you've actually set up
OpenClaw and installed it locally, then
you can get the models from OAMA to run
through OpenClaw very, very quickly
indeed. All right, so let me show you
exactly how this works in action. So,
what you want to do is make sure number
one, you've downloaded Olama, right? And
you can just download it right here
inside the download section of lama.com.
Once you've done that, you're then going
to go to Neatron 3 Super and you would
from here,
scroll down,
make sure that you've got the cloud
model or the local model of Olama and
Neatron 3 Super running right here. So
you can just copy and paste this command
into your terminal. And then finally,
you're going to copy and paste this
command to run it with open clause. So
let me show you how that works in
practice. All right. So we've got our
terminal set up here, right? And so what
we're going to do is we're going to make
sure that we have
the cloud model of Lama set up. How do
we do that? So all we do is we go inside
the terminal and we paste run and then
neatron 3- super colon cloud. Right? Now
that connects to Neatron 3 Super. Great.
Now if you ever want to close it, you
can just type in for/by and that will
actually close the model for you as
well. Now once you've done that and
you've got the cloud model running, then
what you can do is you can go back to
your terminal and you can run this
command, right? And this command
is
launch openclaw
model neatron 3 super. And if you want
to run the cloud model, you just do
colon cloud. Boom. Right now we can get
that set up. We hit yes. We've installed
it. And boom, shakalaka, we now have
open claw connected with never free
super. And we can see it running on this
URL right here. All right. Now you can
chat to it directly inside here, right
inside the terminal or you can run
openclaw inside your browser. Let me
show you how that works. So this is the
gateway for openclaw and it's now
running with neatron 3 super. So you see
it says good morning I'm awake and
ready. What should we build today?
That's after we reset the gateway after
using oama and neatron 3 super. So if we
say okay what API/model
are you using to run openclaw and now
you can see that we've just switched it
to supercloud. Right now
what I actually had to check there was I
said what API model are you using to run
openclaw and even though we ran the
terminal commands for lama it still used
hunter alpha our previous model as the
main API. So just double check it and if
you see that it's not using the right
API. So if you want to use lama but it's
using another model then just say can
you switch to Lama Nemetron 3 super
after you've installed it. And then it
switches over like so. And we're now
running open claw with super cloud.
Nice. And you can see that it's free to
use which is awesome. So now what we can
do is we can say okay what happened
today in AI automation just to check
this is working. And now it's responding
and it's using OAM web search to do
this. And you can see the news summary
here right. So it says Nvidia launches
Neatron 3 supermodel. That's the first
thing on the news. And it's got a bunch
of other news articles that it's found
right here. Right? So all from March
11th, 2026. Pretty nice. And then it's
recapped it right here. So it's pretty
fast to respond. It works first time
round. It's free to connect with Open
Claw and you can connect it in just a
couple of prompts like you've seen
today. So really powerful, useful model.
If you just want to run something for
free inside Open Core, this is one of
the best ways to do it. Now there's
another option for free APIs. If you
haven't seen this already, which just
came out today, which is Hunter Alpha.
Hunter Alpha is a super powerful API you
can use with OpenClaw 2. I've got
another video on that if you want to
check it out or just check out the
training inside the AR profit boardroom.
As Vic says, Hunter Alpha is really good
to talk to and it works really well with
OpenClaw 2. So that's another free
option that you could run. And Vic says
87 GB. That's crazy. Yeah. So again, you
can use a cloud model which is a lot
faster if you don't have the setup to
run uh Neatron 3 Super locally. But
either way, you can get it working and
you can get it running for free in just
a few minutes like you've seen today.
Right. So, let's talk through the claw
agent framework. And this is basically
how to build a 24/7 personal AI agent
stack for free using a combination of
openclaw, alarm, and neatron free super.
So, just to recap, what is openclaw? Why
does it matter? Openclaw is an open
source personal assistant that runs
locally and it sits on your machine and
connects to your messian apps. It
answers you there in your inbox, etc.
And now with Oama and Nvidia Neatron 3
Super, you can plug in 120 billion
parameter model for free running on your
device. Right now, you might be
wondering, okay, what is Neatron 3
Super? So, this is 120 billion parameter
mixture of experts model. It's got a
256,000 token context window, so you can
remember and read a lot. 120 billion
parameters, which is enormous. It's fast
and efficient cuz only activates 12
billion of those parameters at any one
time. It's built specifically for multi-
aent applications. It supports different
languages and it's fully open weight
which means it's free to use
commercially as well and it scores
pretty well on the benchmarks too. Now
how does this work together? Well,
here's a stacking plane language. So
open claw is basically the control
plane, right? It's the assistant brain.
It's the thing that connects to your
channels and runs your agent. Olama is
the local model runner, right? So it
lets you run AI models on your own
machine. And Neatron 3 super is the
model itself, the intelligence, the
thing that thinks and responds. Now when
you stack them together, you've got for
example like your WhatsApp or your
discount code or your Telegram and
that's running with Open Claw Lama and
then free super and the whole um loop
happens for free with your AI agent. Now
if you want a 30-day plan for installing
and using this stuff, you can get it
inside the video notes from today as you
can see. But basically this works. It's
pretty powerful to run. Um easy to set
up, quick to respond, and it's free. Now
let's talk about some of the new
empowering beliefs you need to win with
this right. So some people say well I
need expensive tools to run AI agents.
So for example a lot of people complain
are you know open claw is great but they
can't afford the API costs but you can
use neatron NVIDIA uh 3 super with cloud
and you don't have to worry about that.
Other people say, "Well, I'm not
technical enough to run AI model like
this." But literally, all it was was a
case of copying and pasting a command uh
a command into terminal, right? And then
you can run this model as you've seen
today. Other people say, "Well, I need
to be at my desk to use AI." But your AI
agent can answer you in WhatsApp,
Telegram, Discord, wherever you already
are using this stack from today. So,
that's basically it. We've covered how
to set up Nvidia Neatron Super. We've
covered how to use it with OpenClaw.
We've covered how it performs in
OpenClaw directly and it performed
pretty well and it was all easy to set
up, right? So, if you want to get the
full step-by-step guide, the video
notes, the 30-day road map and 100
prompts on how to use this with open
claw, you can get that inside the AI
profile boardroom. This is my AI
automation community that helps you save
time and grow and learn AI automation.
Now, if you go to the classroom and then
SOP updates, you can get the full guide
from today. As you can see, you can also
get a full 6-hour course on OpenCore and
another 3-hour course right here.
Additionally, we show you how to set up
Hunter and healer alpha, which are new
stealth models you can also use for free
with open claw. Really powerful,
probably better than neatron 3 super in
many ways. And inside this community as
well, it's a helpful, supportive
community. So, you can post questions,
you can get help and support, you can
meet cool people, you can join our daily
accountability group. You can see that
each week I actually post an update
where I break down um what are the most
useful updates for you this week and you
know what stuff can you ignore so you
save time. Additionally, you can jump on
weekly video coaching calls. You can get
help and support in real time. And
inside the classroom here, you get
access to all my best trainings. Now,
you can also meet people in your local
area. So, if you zoom in on one of these
local areas, um you can DM people, meet
people in your local area, etc. Um which
is awesome. So, you could for example
find people doing similar things to you,
which is pretty hard at the minute. And
then also inside the classroom here, for
example, you get my best training. So,
you can go from beginner to expert with
AI automation and learn how to build
your first AI agent in under 5 minutes.
You can also, for example, get my best
playbooks on how to automate Instagram
and AI avatar videos and shorts and
newsletters and Twitter. These are all
automations I personally use. And we
create video tutorials and step-by-step
guides on exactly how to um emulate the
same thing. Now, inside the SP update
section, this is where you get my daily
updates on all the new cool stuff that
just came out as you can see. And then
additionally,
you can learn how to get more clients to
the agency course. You can watch back
the coaching calls. You can learn how to
rank number one with AI SEO using this
section. And then additionally, you can
learn how to grow a YouTube channel with
this road map based on what's working
for me on YouTube right now with AI. So
feel free to get that. It's all inside
the AI profit boardroom link in the
comments description or just go to the
aiprofitboard.com.
Thanks for watching. Appreciate it.
bye-bye.